Document password definition criteria (#3826)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/users.adoc

To add new users to your organization, click btn:[Create User], complete the details for the new user, and click btn:[Create Login].

[[users.password.requirments]]
== Password requirements

{productname} is shipped with a selection of default values.

To ensure that all new user passwords adhere to the organization's security standards, {productname} administrator has the option to enforce the password creation rules.

> The exact password requirements are defined in menu:Admin[Manager Configuration > Password Policy]. 
> 
> Click on this link to see the page entitled [literal]``Server Configuration - Password Policy``.
> This is where the password requirements can be defined using a combination of fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the {webui}, navigate to menu:Admin[Manager Configuration > Password Policy] to define the password requirements.
Use a combination of the following fields:
```

Min Password Length::
Use this field to define the minimal length of password.

Max Password Length::
Use this field to define the maximum length of password.

Require Digits::
Use this field to specify whether the password must include the digits (0-9).

Require Lowercase Characters::
Use this field to specify whether the password must include the lowercase characters (a-z).

Require Uppercase Characters::
Use this field to specify whether the password must include the uppercase characters (A-Z).

Restrict Consecutive Characters::
Use this field to specify whether the restricted consecutive characters.

Require Special Characters::

> Use this field to specify whether the passoerd must include special characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this field to specify whether the password must include special characters.
```
